&R                        Realms of Kuvia 
&c                          ::::::::   ::::::::  ::::::::: 
                         :+:    :+: :+:    :+: :+:    :+: 
                        +:+        +:+    +:+ +:+    +:+  
                       :#:        +#+    +:+ +#+    +:+   
                      +#+   +#+# +#+    +#+ +#+    +#+    
                     #+#    #+# #+#    #+# #+#    #+#     
                     ########   ########  #########       
              ::::    ::: :::::::::: :::       :::  :::::::: 
             :+:+:   :+: :+:        :+:       :+: :+:    :+: 
            :+:+:+  +:+ +:+        +:+       +:+ +:+         
           +#+ +:+ +#+ +#++:++#   +#+  +:+  +#+ +#++:++#++   
          +#+  +#+#+# +#+        +#+ +#+#+ +#+        +#+    
         #+#   #+#+# #+#         #+#+# #+#+#  #+#    #+#     
        ###    #### ##########   ###   ###    ########   
                                          
------------------------------------------------------------------------
News file [&C26&c]. Type NEWS 26 to re-read this article at a later date.
------------------------------------------------------------------------&n

Update

These are the class changes that have been put in so far, and there are 25
pages more that I am still working on. Acc gave me all the class changes and
they are slowly being implemented.

Warrior:

Parry . chance is computed as follows: game rolls a 1d6, adds Strength, and
subtracts 14. A result of 7 or greater results in a successful parry. For
classes other than warrior and thief, the game rolls a 1d3 and subtracts 18.
In the advanced form, the game only subtracts 10. 

Bash . Knocks down the target for one round, and knocks down the attacker for
two regardless of hit or miss. You cannot bash with a ranged weapon. Strength
affects damage (1 point of strength equals 1 percent more damage to what would
otherwise be a melee attack) and dexterity affects success (the formula for
success is: the game rolls a 1d6, adds Dexterity, and subtracts 14. A result
of 4 or higher equals a hit, but a saving throw by the target can nullify
that; that saving throw is as follows: the game rolls a 1d6, and if the number
is higher than 4 the bash misses. In the advanced form, there is no lag on
missing a bash.

Kick . Damage is calculated by strength x strength + damage roll divided by
10. In the advanced form, it is only divided by 5. Hit roll affects success:
the game computes 30 + hit-roll divided by 5, and rolls a 1dx (x is that
number): a result of 35 or less indicates failure; a result of 36 to 45
indicates 60% damage; a result of 46 to 60 indicates 80% damage; a result of
61 to 75 indicates 100% damage; a result of 76 or more indicates 120% damage.
This can be used only once per round.

KNIGHT:

Stomp . A knight can stomp as many times as they can melee. One stomp is equal
to one full strength kick.

Defend . A knight can only defend when wearing a shield. This lags the one
defending for three rounds, and the state lasts for three rounds. The amount
of damage reduced is equal to the Strength of the one defending, in percent
form.

Death Wish . A knight deals damage equal to what would be half a stab with
their currently wielded weapon when they die to their currently targeted
opponent.

RANGER:

Greater Senses . Scan increases to encompass four rooms away instead of 2.

PALADIN:

Cleric Casting . Paladin . A paladin casts as though he or she is a cleric of
the same level and alignment.

THIEF:

Dodge . Dodge has the same computation as parry.


More to come in the future. I know people haven't really been around but i
wanted to let whoever is around these days to know I am still working in the
background here.

-B
