&R                        Realms of Kuvia 
&c                          ::::::::   ::::::::  ::::::::: 
                         :+:    :+: :+:    :+: :+:    :+: 
                        +:+        +:+    +:+ +:+    +:+  
                       :#:        +#+    +:+ +#+    +:+   
                      +#+   +#+# +#+    +#+ +#+    +#+    
                     #+#    #+# #+#    #+# #+#    #+#     
                     ########   ########  #########       
              ::::    ::: :::::::::: :::       :::  :::::::: 
             :+:+:   :+: :+:        :+:       :+: :+:    :+: 
            :+:+:+  +:+ +:+        +:+       +:+ +:+         
           +#+ +:+ +#+ +#++:++#   +#+  +:+  +#+ +#++:++#++   
          +#+  +#+#+# +#+        +#+ +#+#+ +#+        +#+    
         #+#   #+#+# #+#         #+#+# #+#+#  #+#    #+#     
        ###    #### ##########   ###   ###    ########   
                                          
------------------------------------------------------------------------
News file [&C26&c]. Type NEWS 26 to re-read this article at a later date.
------------------------------------------------------------------------&n

Update

These are the class changes that have been put in so far, and there are 25
pages more that I am still working on. Acc gave me all the class changes and
they are slowly being implemented.

CLERIC:

Godly Armor . Level 1 . 30m . 48 hours . Armor reduces the target.s armor
class by 20. This spell cannot be cast during combat.

Bless . Level 1 . 15m .72 hours . The blessing of the gods reduces saving
spell by 1 and increases hit roll by 10. This spell cannot be cast during
combat.
Protection . Level 2 . 20m . 48 hours . The Protection spell defends the user
from mobiles and players of the opposite alignment, preventing 1/5 of all
damage. This can only be cast on the one casting, no other players or mobiles.
There is no protection spell from neutral-align players and mobiles. This
spell cannot be cast during combat.

Detect Invisible . Level 3 . 5m . 50 hours . Sense invisible life forms in the
same room as you up to ten levels higher than you. This spell cannot be cast
during combat.
Know Alignment . Level 4 - 5m . 50 hours . Know the alignment of players,
mobiles, and certain objects for the duration of this spell. This spell cannot
be cast during combat.

Detect Magic . Level 4 . 5m . 50 hours . The target can detect magical auras
about players, mobiles, and certain objects for the duration of the spell.
This spell cannot be cast during combat.
Cure Blindness . Level 5 . 10m . Instant . Cure Blindness removes the
Blindness status effect. This spell cannot be cast during combat.

Aura Bolt . Level 5 . 8m . Instant . A cleric can channel their divine wrath
in the form of a blast of energy from their aura, which will damage any foe.
The strength of this attack will increase with every level, and is affected by
wisdom. A saving throw is allowed based upon level and wisdom. The strength of
Aura Bolt increases by 1 every 2 levels, and starts dealing 3d5; so it tops
out at 3d5 + 20. 1dx is added to the strength of the attack where x equals the
wisdom of the one casting. Saving spell increases the strength of this attack,
by -2dy every 2 levels. So, the final formula is 3d5 + 20 + (number 1-25)
-2dy. (A saving throw is allowed based upon the same criteria; the formula is
x/2 + y/2 - z/2, where x equals the target.s level, y equals the target.s
wisdom, and z equals the target.s saving vs. spell. Whichever gets a higher
number when these two rolls are compared wins- if the caster wins, the target
takes full damage, and if the target wins they take half damage.)
Create Water . Level 8 . 20m . Instant . This spell is used to extinguish
flames. Each casting reduces the duration of the flames by 1/60 of an hour,
and a typical flame lasts for 1/6 of an hour. However, a campfire lasts for
four hours unaided, and thus takes many more castings to extinguish. Being
underwater also extinguishes flames.

Create Food . Level 8 . 40m . Instant . Create Food transforms some of the air
around the target into a simple but nutritious food item.

Word of Recall . Level 9 . 60m . Instant . This transports the caster to the
last recall point they had been to within the range of the spell. This spell
incurs a one round lag state.
Refresh . Level 12 . 5 times the number of targets plus 10 . Instant . This
spell increases the number of current movement points the affected players
have. The strength of this spell increases with level. This spell cannot be
cast during combat.

Sanctify . Level 13 . 75m . the caster.s level divided by five and rounded
down . The Sanctify spell halves all damage taken from attacks unless
specified as otherwise. There is a random element to the amount blocked, as it
ranges from 15 points lower than and 15 points higher than half of the damage
taken. This spell counters the effects of Retribution. This spell cannot be
cast during combat.
Heal . Level 14 . 50m . Instant . This healing spell is twice as effective as
Cure, but is 1/3 less effective on the caster and 1/3 more effective on a
target other than the caster.
Remove Curse . Level 15 . 30m . Instant . A cleric is able to dispel the
effects of a curse with this spell, if the spell is within ten or less levels
of the caster (i.e. more than ten levels up between the caster of the curse
and the cleric, the spell won.t work). This spell cannot be cast upon the
caster. This spell cannot be cast during combat.
Transport . Level 18 . 30 multiplied by the number of targets plus 50 .
Instant . This spell can only affect those in formation with the player in the
room. It will transport all of the affected to the recall point of the one
casting if that room is within range of the spell.
Call Lightning . Level 20 . 35m . Instant . Outdoors during a rain or
lightning storm, the caster can direct a lightning bolt down from the sky to
strike a target and deal a massive amount of damage- up to 80 points in the
form of 8d10, if the target fails a saving throw for half damage. (The saving
throw formula is this: 1dx + 1dy + 1dz where x equals the target.s level and y
equals the target.s dexterity and z equals the target.s constitution. This is
compared to the caster.s 1dx + 1dw + 1d20 where w equals the caster.s wisdom.
Whoever gets the higher number succeeds.)
Quake . Level 21 . 18m . Instant . The caster can cause the ground under the
targets to quake, possibly throwing them to the ground. A saving throw is
allowed to prevent damage and being flung, which is aided by dexterity. (Two
separate saving throws are made: one to prevent damage, a 1dx where x equals
constitution, and a 1dy where y equals dexterity. A roll of 10 or better
represents success on either saving throw).
Regen . Level 32 . 30m . 6 hours . The target experiences a dramatic increase
in hit point regeneration rate but a dramatically lowered magic regeneration
rate. This spell only affects the target while they are resting or sitting.
This spell cannot be cast during combat. This spell can only be cast upon
yourself.

Revive . Level 33 . 250m . Instant . This spell can bring a character back to
life before their corpse is dragged into the Underworld if a certain kind of
item is used to focus the energy. Different foci may be able to increase the
percent of hit points the player receives upon resurrection (default percent
is 5). The burden of having your life drained into the corpse can be shared by
the player.s current formation. This spell cannot be cast during combat.

MAGE:

Magic Missile . Level 1 (CC only) . 3m . Instant . A mage can fire a barrage
of solid magic orbs at an opponent. Each orb deals a set amount of damage, no
saving throw is allowed, and missiles cannot miss. The number of missiles
fired increases with level (the formula is 1/4x + 3 where x equals level).
Each missile deals 4 points of damage.

Teleport . Level 9 . 45m . Instant . This spell teleports the caster a
distance from their previous location into the wilderness. By adding a number
to the spell, the caster can set a relative distance they want to appear from
their previous location (i.e. cast teleport 6 = teleport near a room 6
kilometers [60 rooms] from their location, in any direction). The higher their
level, the closer they appear to the specified location.

Invisibility . Level 10 . 5m . 18 hours . The affected target becomes
invisible until they are engaged in combat, which means they cannot be seen by
those who do not have detect invisibility cast.

Strengthen . Level 12 . 20m . 30 hours . The affected target experiences
increased strength, by one point for each spell cast. The affect stacks, but
not the time it lasts. 

Fireball . Level 13 . 21m . Instant . Fireball is able to strike a single
target and a random set of 1d2 players surrounding them in the formation; if
they are not in a formation, they get hit with this spell twice.
(ppl lighting on fire not in yet....)
This spell deals 1.5dx +20 where x equals level. A saving throw is allowed
based on level and saving vs. spell (the formula is x compared to x . 1dy
where x equals level and y equals saving vs. spell).

Manashield (CC only) . Level 15 . 30m . 5 hours . The magic inherent within a
mage allows them to create a solid shield about themselves that takes the
damage from attacks in eau of their hit points until they read 33% or less
mana. Intelligence and level affect the efficiency of the manashield in
absorbing energy; the higher the intelligence and level of the caster, the
lower the percent of damage they receive. The default minimum damage taken to
mana in proportion to hit points is 140%; the minimum, at level 40 and with 25
intelligence, is 90%.

Charm . Level 17 . 30m . Instant . This spell forces a weak-minded target to
follow limited orders of the caster while in their formation. This spell
cannot succeed on a player of a level difference less than 30, and every round
the player stands a chance of becoming freed. A saving throw is allowed based
on intelligence and level. (Compare x + y + 1dz to target.s x + y . w where x
equals level, y equals intelligence, z equals charisma, and w equals saving
vs. spell; the higher number wins.)

Curse . Level 20 . 25m . 12 hours . The strength of a curse depends on level,
but the formulas are as follows: for increase in saving vs. spell, it is
increased by the caster.s level divided by four; for decrease in hit roll, it
is equal to the caster.s level divided by 5 plus 2. So, at level 4 it is +4ss
and -10hr. Also, the victim will find it more difficult to make a critical hit
or flee, and they will botch spells and miss attacks more (a 1d7 is rolled
every time the use a melee skill, melee attack, or cast a spell of any kind; a
roll of 1 indicates failure). A saving throw is allowed based on level and
saving vs. spell.

Sonic Blast . Level 21 . 24m . Instant . The caster creates a sonic pulse
which emanates from his/her/its body, striking all nearby foes. It deals heavy
damage, and a saving throw is allowed for reduced damage as in the case of
Blade. This spell deals double damage underwater. Sonic blast deals 2dx . 10d2
where x equals the caster.s level; so at level 21 the maximum strength is 32,
and at level 40 it is 70.

Enchant Weapon . Level 27 . 50m . The lifespan of the weapon . This spell
enhances a previously unremarkable weapon (one with no affects) giving it a
bonus to hit roll and damage roll. This bonus increases with level, starting
at 2/1 at level 27 and increasing by 1 hit roll every 3 levels (topping out at
6 hit roll at level 39) and also increasing by 1 damage roll every 4 levels
(topping out at 4 damage roll at level 39). The stats it creates is slightly
random, never going lower than 2/1 but maxing out at 6/4. This spell cannot be
cast during combat.

NECROMANCER:

Animate Dead . 100m . Instant . At the consumption of one unit of blood, a
necromancer can animate a dead body with similar stats to the original mobile
or player, just severely impaired (unable to cast or use skills) and undead.
This spell cannot be cast during combat.
-B
